Hi guys, Dave Lawrence from the California Type
Foundry here. I am going to be showing you in
FontLab
7 how I make some of my typefaces. I started using
FontLab 6. It
Was the 2018. And then I started, when FontLab 7
came out, I switched over to
That in 2019. I like FontLab because it has some
really powerful drawing tools, there's many ways
you can
Draw. The way that you can switch between masters
allows you to do a lot of different,
You can basically it customizes to your workflow.
And beyond that, the panels feature
In InDesign. I mean, it has the features like the
Adobe products, so since I'm used to that from
InDesign and some of those other things, it has
that. So, it has a lot of powerful features that
can help you get everything
Done down to the smallest detail. Okay, so I'll
see you onto the videos.